                                        
                                         ARBD diagnosis FAS diagnosis FAS, pFAS diagnosis FASD diagnosis pFAS diagnosis
  Alcohol consumption before                          1             6                   0              1              1
  Alcohol consumption during                          0             6                   3              3              1
  Alcohol consumption first trimester                 1             5                   1              3              1
  Alcohol consumption second trimester                0             5                   1              3              1
  Alcohol consumption third trimester                 1             5                   1              3              1
  Binge during                                        0             1                   0              3              1
  Smoking and alcohol consumption during              0             1                   0              1              1
  Smoking and binge drinking during                   0             0                   0              2              0
  Smoking before                                      0             3                   0              1              1
  Smoking during                                      0             8                   2              2              1
  Smoking first trimester                             0             2                   0              0              1
  Smoking second trimester                            0             1                   0              0              0
  Smoking third trimester                             0             2                   0              0              1



$`ARBD diagnosis`
$`ARBD diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`ARBD diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`ARBD diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`ARBD diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


$`ARND diagnosis`
$`ARND diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`ARND diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`ARND diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`ARND diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


$`FAS diagnosis`
$`FAS diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`FAS diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`FAS diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`FAS diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


$`FAS, pFAS diagnosis`
$`FAS, pFAS diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`FAS, pFAS diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`FAS, pFAS diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`FAS, pFAS diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


$`FASD diagnosis`
$`FASD diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`FASD diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`FASD diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`FASD diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


$`pFAS diagnosis`
$`pFAS diagnosis`$logical
list()

$`pFAS diagnosis`$nominal
list()

$`pFAS diagnosis`$numeric
list()

$`pFAS diagnosis`$ordinal
list()


